+++
title = "2020-02-12 Board Meeting"
date = "2020-02-12T06:10:00-05:00"
minutes = true
+++

# I. Call to Order

# II. Roll Call

- Board Members
  - Present
    - President - George Shaw
    - Vice President - Julia Winegeart
    - Treasurer - Casey Woolfolk
    - Social Media Manager - Tonya Riepe
    - Director - Seth Etter
    - Webmaster - Christen Lofland
    - Director - Michael Neth (partial)
  - Absent
    - Director - Nic Wentling
    - Director - Kevin Elledge
    - Botmaster - Michael Dorian
    - Secretary, GSuite Administrator - Jacob Hobbie
- Guests
  - WuLUG treasurer
  - Michael Campbell

# III. Approval of Minutes

- Casey noted a few minor changes; Casey to post for the Board's review.

# IV. Financial Report

- Account Updates:
  - Skipped this month due to minimal change since last meeting with the exception of anticipated Game Jam expenses.

# V. Officer Reports

- President
  - Met with WuLUG and National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE); currently planning a joint hackathon with NSBE largely leading coordination. George to confirm date and additional details. devICT may be able to provide more experienced developers as mentors.
  - In response to guest question, discussed need to update mentor topic list and mentor page in general.

- Vice President
  - devICT's next National Day of Civic Hacking (NDoCH) event will be Feb. 29 and Mar. 1. The days will be used as work sessions for local open source projects, particularly VoteICT in preparation for upcoming primaries.
  - Julia is scheduling a meeting to plan the event.
  - Discussed coordinating with local meetings projects being developed as part of Study Hall.

- Social Media Manager
  - Groover Labs is now listed in all devICT Meetup events.
  - devICT Presents sign-up sheet is now updated and posted in Slack.
  - Discussed tools to facilitate efficient transmission of event details to Tonya when announcements are needed. Most likely approach is to start with a Google Form that includes basic event details (date, RSVP requirements, contact, etc.).
  - Discussed setting reminders to show portions of "announcements" slides in Slack.

# VI. New Business

- Accepted Sandip Southekal's resignation from board, noting that no vote or board action is required.
- Discussed process improvements for viewing and/or submitting agenda items in advance of board meetings. George to work with Jacob on formalizing this process.
- Seth provided update on Digital Ocean droplet setup and provisioning. The setup is nearly complete. Seth plans to give a talk regarding the setup once it is finished.
- Discussed use of Keybase as a near-term password management solution. Several members noted various devICT passwords that would ideally be stored in a single manager rather than the current ad hoc approach.
- Discussed potential volunteer/event coordinator role. George to draft a short description of the position for the Board's review. Also discussed need for a volunteer training working session to finalize training document.

# VII. Comments/Announcements

- Christen noted that Game Jam occurred since the last meeting. He plans to provide an update once the Game Jam team has had their retrospective meeting in early March.

# VIII. Public Participation

- The Treasurer from WuLUG provided an overview of their group and it's current activities.

# IX. Set Meeting Dates

-  The next meeting will be held on March 11 at 7pm.

# X. Adjournment

- Meeting was adjourned by George.
